Aug.08.2016
-----------

This is my diversion project for 2016 to 2017.  I get tired of working
on the same thing all the time, and I want something fun to do.  I had
originally planned to begin building a wooden boat over the next four
years:

    A modified version of:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNRaSanZrlU

However, my wife has injured her knee and isn't able to walk very well
right now.  So, I'll revert back to a personal project, rather than a
family project.

-----
SuperJet is a product for my 1990 Ford F-150 pickup truck.  I have had
problems with the EFI system (fuel injection), and replaced it with a
carburetor in early-mid 2016.  It runs well, but now I'd like to go back
and fix whatever the issue was, and at the same time create a whole new
fuel injection system from scratch.

SuperJet intends to be a sequential fuel injection replacement which
will require a new distributor adapter, use existing inputs, and will
be comprised of a Lattice XP2 Brevia2 FPGA ($43.00 as of the time of
this writing), and a custom board for all analog to digital signals
(which will probably run close to $500 for the prototype, but around
$40 each if it ever went into mass production).  I'm also going to look
to see if I can't scarf any components off the EFI ECU module.

Lattice XP2 Brevia2 here:  http://www.latticesemi.com/en/Products/DevelopmentBoardsAndKits/LatticeXP2Brevia2DevelopmentKit.aspx
I have begun a blog here:  http://www.libsf.org/images/superjet/

I plan to update the blog regularly with my progress.

-----
This sub-directory includes the simulation software used during
development.  It will include:

	C/C++ simulation software for Windows
	Lattice project file for Verilog hardware design
	Documentation on development
	
	\libsf\source\superjet\c++\
	\libsf\source\superjet\lattice\
	\libsf\source\superjet\docs\

-----
It is my hope when this project is completed, others will take this
information and expand upon it to build their own custom fuel injection
systems for other EFI engines, and ultimately for other engines as well.

It is the talents God first gave me, applied, given back to Him, and to
each of you, so that you may receive gain from that which He first gave
me.

Best regards,
Rick C. Hodgin
